Bump commonmark version (#1529)
github/markup: HISTORY.md

## 4.0.1 - 2022-03-07

> * Update to commonmarker 0.23.4; See [Version Changelog](https://github.com/gjtorikian/commonmarker/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v0234-2022-03-03)

Author: ```suggestion
* Update to commonmarker 0.18.3; There isn't a version on RubyGems for this, so this is pointing to a [tag version on GitHub](https://github.com/gjtorikian/commonmarker/blob/v0.18.3/commonmarker.gemspec)
```

Author: @aharpole it might be helpful to add the context of the security patch that is in this version.
